[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
we have John Lear.
We're talking about reverse
engineered aerospace
technologies.
John, I've been privy to a
lot of classified information
working in the
projects at Los Alamos,
but I didn't work
for Los Alamos.
It was more of a
compartmentalized corporations
were renting these areas
underneath Los Alamos.
And it was more of
a protection factor.
The same thing was
Sandia Labs even
though I was active duty
and working moonlighting
jobs for these corporations.
And I was privy to see
some of the libraries
that they had under there that
were showing the real craft
and also reproduction craft.
What do you think that you
guys saw up there at Groom Lake
that night or do you--
have you had any experience
or know of anyone that
has confirmed that they
do have both of
those types of crafts
possibly stored down there?
>> JOHN LEAR: Well, Bob told
us that they were going to test
the alien craft that night.
And that's what
he thinks we saw.
Because of the way
it moved, he thought
it's gotta be alien
craft, because we
don't have that technology.
That's what we
were trying to do.
Bob's job was to
back engineer to see
if we could get that technology,
but we didn't have it yet.
>> You can mention
who's with you, John.
>> We have Bob Lazar and we
have Jackie Lazar, Bob's wife,
and we have Gene Huff.
And this mission was
organized tonight
by Bob Lazar, who is a
theoretical physicist who
works at Groom Lake.
[LAUGHTER]
>> And is also a dead
man at this point.
[LAUGHTER]
>> For having this on film--
>> OK.
Good luck.
>> No way.
Did you see that move it did?
>> No, I didn't.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> Look at it now.
>> That is bright.
>> That's bright
enough for me to the--
>> Right here.
>> Are you there now?
>> SMITH: Did he ever tell
you how they flew these craft,
anything other than
the operational?
>> LEAR: He told me in detail
how the antimatter reactor
worked.
But as far as flying it,
he didn't know anything,
because we couldn't
see the guy inside.
We just know that when
Bob saw it flying,
the guy that was
standing next to him
had a simple
RadioShack transceiver,
and he was talking
to the guy inside.
And Bob mentioned it seemed
like a breach of security,
because anybody--
>> SMITH: [LAUGHING]
>> LEAR: Could listen
on that frequency,
because it's not frequency and
it's not frequency hopping.
But apparently they
didn't care and they
didn't think it was a problem.
>> SMITH: So while
working on these projects,
I was privy to this library
that did show craft and reverse
engineer craft and real craft
that they had obtained either
from shooting it down or
from space or however.
And it would show
everything about the inside
of the craft, the
outside of the craft,
but they never discussed the
propulsion unit and things
like that.
I know they're
trans-dimensional craft.
I know they can create their own
gravitational field around them
to make them do these 90
degree turns at Mach 7.
And I know you had heard
from Bob and others
about the reverse
engineering of that.
And you also know how
that actually works,
and I like that
poster you had earlier
that shows that maybe you
could discuss that for us
and show that poster.
>> LEAR: This is the
antimatter reactor,
and this is where it sits
in the middle of the craft.
I drew these to better
explain what Bob told me
how the craft worked.
Now, this is the craft.
And the little orange spot is
where the antimatter reactor
is.
These are the
gravity amplifiers.
And what happens is
they shoot protons
into the 115, which
bumps it up to 116.
>> SMITH: 116, all right.
>> LEAR: Which shows
off the antimatter,
which is mixed with matter and
through a thermionic generator
creates voltage out of each.
They then take-- they're able to
grasp the gravity A wave, which
is available as the 116
is going back to 115.
And they're able to
take it through the--
up to the center of the
craft and down to the sides
and into the gravity amplifiers.
>> SMITH: So it's
going up and around.
>> LEAR: Right.
And focus on a point in
space and then increase
the attractiveness
of the amplifiers,
increase the
amplification that pulls
that space towards the craft.
It wraps around the craft,
and then they turn it up,
and they're instantly hundreds
of thousands of miles away.
I think the recharge
rate is 12 milliseconds.
So they can do that
every 12 milliseconds.
So you can go a long, long ways
in a minute, much less an hour.
>> SMITH: Yeah, I mean, we
see this with the air traffic
controllers all the time
tracking these things all over
the planet.
And there's just no way you
can blip in and blip out,
but that's how it is.
They're going from point A to
point C and they're skipping B.
>> LEAR: Right.
[LAUGHS]
And the stories we
hear about going
to the moon in 20 minutes.
Most of that is just
accelerating and decelerating.
Because they can do
it in an instant.
>> SMITH: I think you
have a model too of this,
if you would like to
show, which would be nice.
We can put that back.
>> LEAR: This shows a craft
and the distance in represented
by that--
>> SMITH: Fabric
of time and space.
>> LEAR: Fabric of space pulling
it toward you with the gravity
amplifiers and wrapping it
around the craft like that.
And then they turn off
the gravity amplifiers.
Then you snap back.
You don't actually snap back.
You are back to where you
withdrew that space from.
There is no traveling
or anything like that.
You are back there where you
withdrew that space from.
And there's no feeling
of motion or anything.
>> SMITH: No, because you're
in your own field of density.
>> LEAR: Right.
>> SMITH: And you have the--
also, John, I love the
model here that you have.
>> LEAR: Emery, this is an exact
replica of a antimatter reactor
that runs the ET craft,
only its half size.
It obviously doesn't work.
But this half sphere
comes off like this.
And inside we have a little
container with a cap on it.
Now, the cap comes off,
and in it we have the 115.
Now, the 115, we were given
500 pounds of it by ET.
And some of it they made into
these little triangles, fuel.
But most of it they
used for a bomb,
because they figured out
they could make a bomb
to blow up half the side
of the continent of South
America, which would be
more useful to them than,
I think, something to
create energy from nothing.
>> SMITH: How much energy
could you tell me is in that,
in that one piece?
>> LEAR: Bob told me,
and I can't remember,
but it was something in the
60 megatons of energy in that.
>> SMITH: So we could power
the planet for like two years
on this thing.
>> LEAR: Yeah, easy.
The real 115 is
about two inches.
I've actually held the real one.
Bob managed to get three pieces.
And we had three
for a little while.
The government stole
two of them back.
And there's one remaining.
We did an experiment with
it, and then he hid it.
And there's only two people on
the face of this planet that
know where it is.
>> SMITH: Locked in a box up
in the mountains somewhere.
>> LEAR: Me and Bob.
And so what this does is--
and incidentally, this lasts
about 200 years fuel provision.
So what happens is this
is a little tube that they
shoot protons out,
which hits the 115
at the very tip like that.
And what it does,
the 115 creates
116, which instantaneously
decays and throws off
antimatter and access
to the gravity A wave.
The antimatter is
mixed with matter
through a thermionic
generator to make electricity
to run the ship.
And the anti-- and
the gravity A wave
is used for the
gravity amplifiers
under the ship to pull
space towards them.
>> SMITH: Right.
The space is pulled
towards them,
which allows the craft to be
engulfed in its own field.
>> LEAR: The gravity generators
pull space towards it,
wraps around the ship.
They turn it off,
and they're instantly
100 million miles away.
Not feeling travel or anything.
>> SMITH: No, they're in
their own field of density.
>> LEAR: That's right.
They travel.
They're making
their own gravity.
That's why they can make
these Mach 7 90 degree turns.
>> SMITH: Right.
Yep, I've seen this, some
demonstrations in the projects,
and I was always wondering
how they were able to do this.
>> LEAR: To prove the
attractive properties of 115,
we got a bell jar and
a piece of dry ice.
We put to dry ice.
And what we did is from the
top of the bell jar inside,
we hung a piece of thorium,
which we get from a Coleman
lantern, which is unbelievable.
But we got it from
a Coleman lantern
and hung it over the 115, which
was on top of the dry ice.
And what it was-- what the
dry ice did was create a fog,
and we could watch the alpha
rays shooting out of thorium
and see if it attracted.
And sure enough, they did.
They would be pulled down into
the 115, which is obviously
proves that everything is true.
Unfortunately, we
lost the videotape.
There were two copies, one
that Bob had that was stolen,
one that George Knapp
had, and they both
lost their sets of copies.
So there's no way to prove
that, but I was there
when it happened, and I saw it.
>> SMITH: You saw it.
Who do you think took
these files from you?
Do you know what organization
or I'm sure your home has
been broken into many times.
>> LEAR: Many times.
I have no idea.
I do know that one day when
the phone company was called,
Santel, my daughters
were teenagers,
always having something
done to their phones.
And I knew this Intel guy that
had all the training and stuff.
And he came in
one day to my den.
He said, John, your
phone's tapped.
And I said, yeah,
that's what I figured.
He said, do you mind if I check
and see where it's tapped.
I said, help yourself.
So he came back a
half an hour later.
He said, I've been down
Monroe, down Hollywood
to Bonanza and
Bonanza to Nellis,
and it's further than that.
I said, well, don't
worry about it,
because there's nothing
I can do about it.
He said, no, I want to find out.
So he comes the next
morning, knock on the door.
He said, John, I can't work
on your phones anymore.
I said, why not?
Because I traced your tap
to the mainframe and there's
no paperwork to go with it.
And I went to my boss and she
said, either you keep quiet
or you can find
another place to work.
>> SMITH: Wow.
>> LEAR: And so he
says, I'm keeping quiet.
>> SMITH: Direct confirmation.
>> LEAR: He wanted to keep
his job, which I understood.
And I saw him
occasionally years later.
But he made it plainly
clear that he was not
going to risk his job.
>> SMITH: No.
It was nice though he tried
to figure it out for you.
>> LEAR: Yeah.
>> SMITH: With these
new technologies,
which are really old
technologies for us,
to be honest, when
do you think--
do you see this ever coming
out and being utilized
for the world, the general
public at all as far
as energy concerns?
Instead of using
gas, coal, and oil,
we could be using thorium and
all these other different types
of devices, as you know.
>> LEAR: It's all there.
We can't duplicate it, but
they can give it to us.
For instance, to imagine
a matter antimatter
reaction inside that
little cup there, come on.
There's other ways to
create anti-gravity.
>> SMITH: But this is
energy, as I see it.
>> LEAR: In my opinion,
no, it'll never come out.
There's the basic agreement
between our government
and ET is we get that
advanced technology,
but we have to have their
help in covering it up,
no matter if they have
to lie or make stuff up.
The deal is you can
have the technology,
but you have to give--
you have to keep our
existence a secret.
>> SMITH: And why is that?
What agenda do
they have for that?
>> LEAR: Because they are
the ones that made us.
They dreamed us up.
They engineered us.
They built us.
They put us down on Earth.
They make 100 billions
of earths just like this,
and they use the same
story to bring people
together and understand that
what they're trying to create
is the humans, when they
first become humans,
to learn how to live with
integrity, without envy,
without hate, without
greed, and to learn
to express our love to our
families each and every day.
That's all we're here for.
>> SMITH: Kind of like an
experiment, an emotional,
psychological experiment to
see if we can evolve without
destroying.
Are they worried about
us destroying the planet?
>> LEAR: No.
They take great care to be
sure that not only can we
not destroy the planet,
there's no chance
of an asteroid ever
hitting the planet.
We're not the only ones.
There's billions of
other civilizations
that they're engineering.
It's not an experiment.
It just takes a
long time from when
a human is born with a soul to
educate and mature that soul.
There's a lot of things
that have to happen.
>> SMITH: I agree.
>> LEAR: Basically, when we
come to Earth, we've already,
you and I have both lived maybe
200 or 300 lives before this.
And when we come
here, we're down here
to learn more about
[INAUDIBLE] obviously,
we didn't make it
the second time.
>> SMITH: We're still in school.
>> LEAR: We're here now.
When we pass away,
within about 12 seconds,
we are entered into
this huge, huge lobby.
And the only way
I can describe it
is to tell you when
Steve Jobs passed away,
his whole family
was around his bed.
And when he had 10 seconds more
to live because of his blood
pressure and heart
beat and everything,
he kind of raised up.
He says, oh wow.
Oh wow.
And what he was seeing
was this fantastic lobby
that we go into.
And in this lobby, you're met
by whoever you believe in.
You believe in God, if
you believe in Allah.
For me it's the great pumpkin.
The great pumpkin will meet me.
And they take you and they
introduce you to or reintroduce
you to many of the friends that
you've met over the past 200
or 300 lives that you've lived.
And after about 30 minutes of
that, you go to a life review.
And life review is
a room where they
show you every
single millisecond
of your life in three
dimensional color with Dolby
sound.
There's nothing you can deny.
Every loving thing you ever did.
And then they show you every
nasty thing you ever did.
Most people can't believe that
they know those secret things
they'd get in.
And based on whether the good
outweighs the bad that they
did, if the bad outweighs,
they gotta come back to Earth
and live another life.
Or you get to stay there, which
is the fourth dimension, which
we call heaven, but
it's a misnomer,
because if you take
your concept of heaven
and multiply it
exponentially by 1,000,
you may be close to
how fantastic it is.
And people would pay
a lot more attention
if they knew what
was waiting for them
in the fourth dimension.
But that's not the way it works.
It has to happen by itself.
There can't be allure to it.
>> SMITH: Mm-hmm.
Well, with all the
on Earth and them
seeing us cut each
other's heads off,
is this something that
they're just watching
and we have to become a little
bit more compassionate and more
integrous with ourselves
to get to that level
to the fourth dimension?
>> LEAR: Everything
is planned, Emery.
Everything.
There isn't anything
that happens by accident.
Accident or whatever.
They say is it's planned from
the very beginning, including
when you die.
>> SMITH: And who made this
deal with the extraterrestrials?
What government or what
society or organization?
>> LEAR: Well, there's
several stories,
and I don't know if
we'll ever know them.
Of course, Eisenhower
was the first one
that they met in
1954 at what was then
Muroc Air Force Base, which
became Edwards Air Force Base.
It's my understanding
that Eisenhower
asked for a weapons
technology and they
said, no, you can't have any.
Then in 1963, there was
a meeting at Alamogordo,
and that could have been
another request or agreement.
I think that's where
the agreement came.
They said that part
of the agreement
was that we allowed the ETs
to only take a certain number,
abduct only a certain
number of humans.
And they would give us a
list of who they abducted.
Which is, of course, BS.
They abduct 100% of humans.
And we all go to
the laboratories
in the moon for whatever
they do to get upgrades,
to get software increases,
all kinds of stuff up there.
But both my granddaughter and
grandson have been to the moon.
And I remember my--
>> SMITH: Through abduction?
>> LEAR: Through abduction.
I remember my granddaughter,
her mother telling me
when she was three that she had
told her mother that the space
people came last night.
And how many were there?
She said five.
One, two, three, four, five.
And then when she was eight
living up there in Sun Valley,
my two daughters, the
mother of this granddaughter
and her sister, were sitting
in the afternoon talking
on the couch.
And they realized that an
hour and a half had gone by
and they had not realized
where the granddaughter had
come, where she was.
At that time, they heard
the back door open.
She comes in.
She has a swim mask, snorkel,
a headset, and a backpack,
and there's a sheen
across her forehead.
And she says, they said,
where have you been?
And she said, I've
just been to the moon.
I'm very tired.
I'm going upstairs
to take a nap.
And she stomped upstairs.
Three years later,
she's at my mom's house
jumping on the trampoline
and asked her mother,
mom, when am I going
back to the moon?
A few, let's see,
eight, seven years ago,
my grandson, who used to live
here, came racing in that door.
He said, grandpa, I've
just been to the moon.
I said, really?
Tell me about it.
And I'd not discussed with
them specifically anything--
He said, I'm in my tree
house with two of my friends.
The air turns green,
and all of a sudden,
I'm laying on a silver gurney
type thing getting operated on
by an alien.
And I said, how do you
know it was the moon?
He said, well, I don't.
I just think it was the moon.
And I said, what did
the surgeon look like?
And he said, I said, better yet,
let me give you some drawings.
I showed him the one
of the praying mantis.
He said, that's it.
But I had him draw one.
It is very accurate, hairy
thing with a praying mantis.
Just it's really a good drawing.
But I haven't heard anything
since then, but both of them.
>> SMITH: What was
going on there?
Were they getting fixed or
upgraded or what do you think?
Or did they say?
>> LEAR: Absolutely every single
human being on the face of this
planet gets abducted for
either upgrades or whatever.
Most of them do not remember.
I don't know why they
let my granddaughter
or grandson remember.
There are no
explanations for that,
because most people don't.
They don't want
people to remember.
>> SMITH: Well, I've heard
of different types of scalar
interferometry and, of course,
mind erasing technology.
Very familiar with
all these things.
Why wouldn't they just
utilize frequencies and--
because every-- if
you've been to an airport
or if you've been to a bus
station or through a traffic
light with a camera, they
have everyone's frequency
logged in like a
fingerprint on the planet,
as far as I know, especially
in the United States.
I know the ETs have a similar
system to track someone
or to know someone where
they can actually, I mean,
if we can do it, I
know they can do it,
that they can send down a
signal and make you do something
that you normally wouldn't
do that would harm someone
or implant a memory in you
that really didn't happen.
Are you aware of these types of?
>> LEAR: Yeah, well at first,
before they did the abductions,
they started with
the, excuse me, ma'am.
Would you mind coming to the
moon and laying on his gurney
while we operate on you,
an alien operates on you?
They tried that,
and it didn't work.
So the best thing to do was
just to abduct him and take them
up there.
They know where everybody is at
all times, much more accurate
than we do.
>> SMITH: In your opinion,
how many other earth
that's actually evolved at
the exact same time as us?
>> LEAR: Billions.
Billions.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
Yeah, and they made-- made--
And who do you believe
made us, as far as--
pop culture talks about
all different sorts
of different deciphering
of Egyptian codes
and Mayan codes and
things like this.
I mean, do you know
anything about that?
>> LEAR: The same guys that
abduct us are the same guys
that made us.
All the stories you hear
about, most of the stories
you hear about the bad alien.
Then the dracos and
the reptilians and--
It's all confusion.
They don't want us
to figure it out.
So they throw all this BS in
so we can't figure it out.
And they plan to
screw up your life
to see how you
would deal with it,
to see if you can conduct
yourself with integrity,
without envy, hate, or
greed while you're getting
screwed six ways from Sunday.
>> SMITH: Right.
And all that weight
on your shoulders.
And also utilizing
the people around you
as a stress factor to
see how you respond.
>> LEAR: Exactly.
>> SMITH: So when do you think
disclosure, full disclosure,
it's happening, trickling
in now and then.
But what's your
take on disclosure?
>> LEAR: Emery,
listen to me closely.
Never ever never.
[LAUGHTER]
>> SMITH: Because if
they did, it would--
>> LEAR: It would destroy their
whole story and everything.
>> SMITH: Their whole agenda.
Right.
>> LEAR: I mean, they've got
a lot of effort based in this
Bible and Jesus and Moses.
A lot of people believe that.
What are they going to do?
Say oh no, by the
way, we made you.
All that stuff down the drain.
There's a lot of people that
take that stuff seriously.
>> SMITH: Right.
But there's also a lot
of people out there
that are very conscious and
have been through projects
and have been--
are aware they were at the moon
or Mars and all these things.
And I see it eventually,
a long time from now,
that we might become so
intelligent and so conscious
that we will be aware
of what has happened.
Could you comment on that or?
>> LEAR: They don't get to know.
>> SMITH: They don't get to.
>> LEAR: They might want to
know, what's our purpose?
What are we doing here?
Why am I living?
Do you get to know who made you?
No.
Do you get to know why?
The same reason they
make hundreds of billions
of other humans.
>> SMITH: Right.
I noticed also, John, when I
was working my moonlighting
job with tissue
specimens that mostly all
the DNA from
extraterrestrials that we
had had human DNA in it.
So they at some point had to--
we came from them or
they came from us.
Something happened in the
galaxy is what I'm saying.
>> LEAR: Absolutely.
>> SMITH: And so you might
have these beings that are
interacting that you might
have 10 different looking
reptilians.
You might have 50 different
looking grays and so forth.
And I try to teach
this, because it's
silly to say that
one race is just
all the same when
you're speaking
about extraterrestrials.
>> LEAR: But the one thing
that people have to understand,
there was no big bang.
We were always here, and people
have so much trouble with that
because they say, well,
somebody had to make it.
You know, we were always here.
If you don't get that,
then there's no help.
>> SMITH: It's done
enough for them,
because you can't go kick
the tires on the craft.
[LAUGHTER]
It's there, and they're out
there, and we realize this.
It's just because, I
think, of programming
how we are brought
up on this planet
that there's usually an answer
for everything and everyone
has an answer.
And people get really
frustrated when they
can't figure something out.
>> LEAR: Right.
I agree with that.
>> SMITH: And you
gotta let that go.
Because if you
don't let that go,
you could really hurt yourself
and the people around you.
>> LEAR: I agree with that.
>> SMITH: John,
thanks for joining us.
I really appreciate it.
>> LEAR: My pleasure, Emery.
It's great to see you again.
>> SMITH: And we're
going to see you soon.
[THEME MUSIC]